---
layout: post
title: "Happy Texas: The town without a frown"
img: canyon.jpg # Add image post (optional)
date: 2019-12-08 12:54:00 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
tag: [Travel, Tanjore, Trekking]
---


 
From big cities to small and simple towns, Texas is a place that every traveler must visit once in their lifetime. This vibrant state is famous for its nightlife and finger-licking BBQ. As the state encompasses several amazing places, exploring every nook and cranny will take months, or maybe a year.

1. San Antonio River Walk – Stroll Around
             The Guadalupe River Channel was originally constructed as a means of flood control which has now converted into one of the top places to visit in Texas. While taking a stroll at this riverwalk, you can also indulge in food festivals and shopping at this vibrant place. It also hosts some special events and parades. If you are visiting this place in December then you can also enjoy the Ford Fiesta de las Luminarias


2. SeaWorld – Boost Your Adrenaline
            Sprawled in an area of 250 acres, SeaWorld San Antonio is a marine mammal park and animal theme park which is visited by several adventure souls. You can indulge in various water activities and beat the heat in summer. You can also interact with animals up-close and enjoy iconic shows like One Ocean. Your interaction with dolphins here will the best part of your vacation.

3. Galleria – Go For Shopping
             Although Texas provides several places where you can shop at, these two cities must not miss your list. The two major cities of Texas house Galleria which is a mall offering diverse options. You can either visit the Dallas Galleria or the Houston Galleria where you can shop until you drop. Apart from fancy malls, you can also visit the local markets and buy some souvenirs.

4. Texan Cuisine – Relish Finger-Licking Food
          If you hear your stomach grumbling after shopping then you should definitely go for some street food in Texas instead of the fancy food in a restaurant. You must try Tex-Mex, Frito pie, Fajitas, Hamburgers, and BBQ. And after your meal, savor the tastiest Pecan pie and peach cobbler. You will come back for these dishes to Texas if the places have not enticed you yet.

> “  ” <cite> </cite>

