---
layout: post
title: "Garden City, Missouri: A touch of heaven on Highway Seven"
img: miss.jpg # Add image post (optional)
date: 2019-11-11 12:54:00 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
tag: [Travel, Tanjore, Trekking]
---

 
Missouri is a midwestern state which is located between Kansas and Kentucky. The place is covered with huge green pastures with mount Ozark as its background. Missouri is known for the number of things this city has to offer for entertaining and keeping its visitors engaged.
 The city is well built and has several activities which the visitors can take up, plus there is an equal amount of undeveloped nature which balances out this city hustle in this state. Right from quiet places like the National World War I Museum to loud country clubs in Branson to the majestic mountains of Ozark, there is a lot to explore while you are here. Once you enter this state you would never want to leave. There is no dearth of impeccable things to do in Missouri and this blog talks about just that.

Best Things To Do In Missouri :
  1. Explore Fantastic Caves
            Fantastic Caverns are in Springfield and has to offer to its visitors a unique experience you would have never had before. You get to not only see the caves, but also while you are traveling through them you get to explore marvels about human history and how people use to live inside them in ancient times.
 2. Experience The Titanic Museum
             The museum was invented in the year 2006 to provide its visitors an experience of the crew and passengers had during the tragic event that happened with Titanic. To bring the experience alive, the museum also has a real growing iceberg which visitors are allowed to touch, or you can dip your hand in 28 degrees Fahrenheit water to know the experience that people on that ship had when the ship sank into chilling water of the ocean.
  3. Have Fun In The City Museum
            This is not an ordinary boring museum, but a fun place to visit. City Museum is in the heart of Missouri. The building was previously a facility for an international shoe company and was transformed into 600,00 square foot playhouse museum. The place was conceptual by world-renowned sculptor and artist – Bob Cassilly who developed this museum in the most amusing way it could be. The base of this museum is a funky funhouse and playground. The only prerequisite to visit this museum is to dress in a manner so that you are comfortable experiencing what this museum has to offer.
                
> “  ” <cite> </cite>

